Remove passing cluster name as positional argument (#14076)
kubernetes/kops: docs/releases/1.25-NOTES.md

So in case of manually deployed CRDs to make the snapshotter work it is now necessary to [enable the snapshot controller](https://kops.sigs.k8s.io/addons/#snapshot-controller).

## kOps CLI no longer accepts cluster name as positional argument

Prior to kOps 1.25, one could pass cluser name as a CLI argument to most functions. E.g `kOps get <clustername>`. As of kOps 1.25, kOps commands only accepts the cluster name through the `--name` flag or the `KOPS_CLUSTER_NAME` environment variable. The one exception to this change is the `kops get cluster` command, which still accepts one or more cluster names as positional arguments.

> This change is behind a feature flag. One can revert to the old behavior by setting `KOPS_FEATURE_FLAGS=EnablePositionalClusterArg`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change is behind a feature flag. For now, one can revert to the old behavior by setting `KOPS_FEATURE_FLAGS=PositionalClusterArg`.
```
